fix: improve built-in decorator validation in config (#2781)
Redocly/redocly-cli: .changeset/orange-squids-fail.md

---
"@redocly/openapi-core": patch
"@redocly/cli": patch
---

> Improved Redocly config validation by recognizing built-in decorator names.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Improved Redocly config validation: now the config checks for typos in built-in decorator names.
```
